My week is going ok.
I don’t know why school has such long breaks, but it does.  During those breaks, I used to do absolutely nothing.  I had no employment, even though I spent much of the time over the breaks applying for internships.  And because I had no employment, I lived in the CCH for summer semester 2017 and took summer classes.  That was the most fun semester I have had (I got a perfect score in Linear Algebra that summer).
A few weeks before winter break 2017/2018, an email was sent to all comp-sci students announcing that the State of Missouri was looking for Jefferson City natives to work for them over the winter break.  Lucas and I were the only applicants as far as we know, and we were interviewed during finals week.  The pay was only about $10 per hour and the work turned out to be searching Java code trying to find bugs (they did not set up a testing environment on my workstation).  Lucas’ job was more SQL oriented.  I did not enjoy my work at the State as much as school, but Lucas enjoyed his work at the State and continued it during summer 2018.
By some fluke, I got an internship with IntelliFarms that summer.  IntelliFarms has high hiring standards, hiring only about 1 in 50 of the people who visit them at the fall career fair.  But their math-oriented interviews matched my skills, and I did unusually well during their interviews.  I was extremely impressed by IntelliFarms, and it was definitely better than school.
That summer Eli contacted Lucas and I asking if we were interested in working for Walker Tek during the fall semester.  We chose to do this because we knew and trusted Eli and Gideon as excellent people of strong faith, and Eli sounded like he wanted us to do it.  I also wanted to expand my horizons to working while schooling, which it seems like everyone else had already done.
Now we have expanded our horizons and have discovered that working a significant number of hours while schooling is hard.  School is all about multitasking, and work adds another heavy task to the schedule.  We are planning to take at least one of AI and Ninjas next semester, and we do not expect to be able to put into Vigor Billing as much time as we are now.  However, it would reduce our flexibility if we did not have the ability to work next semester, so it would be unwise for me to set that in stone.  This job is extremely flexible, and it can be turned off when school turns on.  But this semester I failed to turn off this job when Intro to Computer Security turned on.  Instead, I dropped the class.  This really was not because of this job, but because I hated the instructor.  This is quite unfortunate, since he took over another class I am taking this semester.  This is the only time I have had an instructor change half way through a semester.  I think God is trying to rub my poor decision in my face.  Also, after the sequence of three assignments that prompted me to drop, no assignment was assigned for four weeks.  I have a bad habit of dropping classes after the semester begins.  I foolishly dropped a class last semester as well.  I currently plan to post posters in my room declaring to myself that I will not drop a class next semester.  But since I failed to turn off this job this semester, I may expect the same next semester.  Therefore, I should turn off this job for next semester now.
But I expect next semester to end, and, if I come out without impairing damage, I expect to work for Walker Tek 16 hours per week over the summer, while interning somewhere new in order to build up my resume.  As far as Fall 2019, I cannot plan that far ahead yet.

But on the shorter term, for winter break (and thanksgiving break), I don’t have a plan nailed down.  I have not worked for the State in about 6 months, and they do not expect to see me ever again.  But since I do not have housing at IntelliFarms, I will be in an ideal place to work for the State.  The State is much easier than school, and I expect to be able to work for Walker Tek 16 hours per week whenever I work for the State (Lucas recently received a talk from our dad saying that it was unwise for Lucas to think that he could not work for the State and Walker Tek at the same time).  The other option is for me to work full time for Walker Tek.  But the paperwork hiring me probably declares a cap of 16 hours per week.  And if I spend more time working than Eli does, then how can he keep up with code reviews and assigning me tasks.  So working full time would only work if Eli did the same.  I really don’t look forward to going back to the State, but that may end up happening.

This job is more flexible than anything I have done since before I entered as a freshman.  I really appreciate it.
I have been writing tests for the contact_person app, as Eli instructs me.

Thank You,
Tanner Winkelman

